Tell you something that Donald Trump
did, which none of us understood at that
time,
but he did, and you have to give him
credit for this. He's a phenomenal
political instincts. Let me say it to
you this way.
There was a man that lived [music]
around 5th Avenue
in a triplex apartment that looked like
Louis the 14th smoked crystal meth and
decorated the apartment. He saw the
problems in the neighborhood I grew up
in, and I missed it.
>> Anthony [music] Scaramucci, businessman,
podcaster, former communications
director for Donald Trump.
>> [music]
>> You owe your media and podcasting career
to him after those 10 days.
>> That was the most brutal experience of
my life. Had a crisis PR person. They
told me, "Look, [music] you know, you
probably should go dark for 5 years."
But, you know, you in life, when you
make mistakes and you're an entrepreneur
and you take risks like that, you got to
face the music.
>> [music]
>> And I did that.
>> From Bloomberg Weekend, this is the
Michelle Hussain show.
I first heard the name Anthony
Scaramucci at the same time I suspect
you probably did. July 2017,
when he was named communications
director for Donald Trump, a few months
into his first presidential term. He was
clearly going to be a key figure in this
White House, I thought. Already known by
his nickname, the Mooch. Confident,
showy,
ready to do battle for the MAGA agenda.
Only 10 days later, he was fired.
That's part of what we talk about in
this conversation. How bruising it was,
humiliating even. Today, Anthony
Scaramucci is well known as a podcaster.
He has his own show, Open Book, and
co-hosts The Rest Is Politics US, while
also running his own investment firm and
being evangelical about crypto.
He's a big talker, and by big, I mean
expansive. He talks a lot. Here, we get
to find out where that drive comes from,
the Long Island community of his
childhood. Although, he also admits that
he forgot that world for many years
after discovering Wall Street. We spoke
in London. He was visiting. I was just
back from Washington and my White House
Correspondents Dinner experience. And I
wanted to start with US politics because
we're now less than 6 months away from
the midterms. So, I wondered, what does
the Mooch think will happen?
>> Listen, you you know, November's still a
long time off. So, it's very hard to
make these predictions. If you look at
Kelsey or the poly markets, it looks
like the Democrats will win the house.
But, the big problem in American
politics right now is the
gerrymandering. And so, for viewers
outside the United States, the political
leaders have the opportunity to
redistrict
or to cut the congressional districts in
a way that could favor their party. And
so, even though Donald Trump and the
Republicans started this redistricting
fight, Democrats seem to be ahead. I
just want you to think about this. We
have 435 congressional districts.
Approximately 8% of those,
35 to 40 at max, are up for contest. So,
they've done such a powerful job of
redistricting that they've taken out of
the equation a Democrat beating a
Republican
in a Republican district or a Republican
beating a Democrat in a Democratic
district. And so, think about this. We
only have 35
purple districts now. And so, I think
that's unfair to the American people.
And I would just say this rhetorically,
are we in a real democracy where the
politicians are picking the voters? I
thought the voters
were supposed to pick the politicians.
So, we're in sore need of reform.
>> And yet, there is this possibility,
isn't it? It's not out of the question
that the Democrats end up taking the
Senate as well as the house, or are you
really cautious on that?
>> I'm a little bit more cautious on that
because the red states that have less
population in them, you can hear the
flurry, you can hear some purpling, and
then they always go back to red, you
know. So, I
>> The Republican states.
>> O'Rourke is going to be running against
a
He's a Democrat in Texas, and I believe
Texas will stay red. So, I'm a little
more cautious about that. If you're
telling me James Tallarico
is going to turn the state of Texas
purple where there'll be one
Republican and one Democrat from the
state, that'll be a watershed activity
in American politics. So, I'm a little
more cautious about it. You know, these
these machines, they have created a
cartel. They have a duopoly now.
>> The two parties, you
>> parties, yeah. And so, they they sort of
control the landscape, they've tightened
up their ability to get incumbents
reelected. You know, the the Congress
has a 14 or 15% approval rating. So,
it's it's like slightly above Kim Il
Sung, the North Korean dictator.
However,
you have a 95%
re-incumbency rate. So, just imagine you
and I opening up a restaurant, and our
food is terrible, we're getting like
one-star Yelp ratings, but we can never
get the restaurant closed, and we always
stay as the two chefs in the restaurant.
And so, that's what's going on in
Washington right now. And so, you know,
I think the Democrats will win.
>> The House of Representatives.
>> I think I I think the Republicans will
probably keep that keep the Senate.
That's my best guess.
>> You're still a registered Republican,
right?
>> I am. I mean, you know, so what is your
British football team? Are you like an
Arsenal fan? Are you Manchester United?
Or
>> Now, you're really cutting to the chase.
I live in North London. So, if I'm
anything, I'm probably an Arsenal fan.
>> Okay, so for Arsenal fans out there, and
I don't know how the team does, but I'm
I'm a New York Met fan, and we're just
having a horrific time. But you don't
leave. You know, I'm a New York Jet fan.
We haven't won the Super Bowl since
1969, you know, so the Republican Party
in my mind is in adult rooms. We have a
huge losing streak going on
intellectually, you know, Donald Trump
hijacked that party. He decapitated what
was once known as the Republican Party
and he did sort of this M&A transaction
where he installed this
right-wing
populist party. It's called the
Republican Party, but it's really the
MAGA party and it's the personality cult
of Donald Trump. And so I'm of the
belief when his political personality
extinguishes sometime in 2028,
there'll be an ideological battle for
that party again in terms of who will be
running that party. So
>> But I'm wondering why you're not I'm not
loyal. I'm a loyalist. Yeah, but but I'm
wondering why you're not more active in
the zone of trying to find that next
Republican cuz what I see you doing is
not just I know you voted for Biden and
then Harris, right? In the last two
presidential elections.
>> dangerous. I think I think obviously
it's funny cuz we
sure we're going to get into
I mean I was here in Wall Street at some
point. All my Wall Street buddies voted
for him. And now they're all regretting
the fact that they voted for him. So you
know, it's just it's just one of those
things.
>> I think all regretting that they voted
for him? I mean a lot of them have done
doing well out of the markets.
>> I think most people are regretting it,
yeah. I'm of the belief that prices are
higher.
Uh we have an oil crisis going on right
now. He imposed illegal tariffs which
raised the pricing umbrella for all the
lower middle-income people that voted
for him. You're in a quagmire of a war.
It's going to be very difficult to
disengage the United States from that
war. You've weakened our relationships
with our European allies, our Gulf
allies. But he's put us in a very
vulnerable state as a country and an
economy. If you want to make the case
that the banks have record profits in
the short term, sure.
>> [snorts]
>> But he's also suing some of the banking
executives. You know, this is a very
difficult time in the country where you
are losing the predictive capability of
our justice system. You're losing the
predictive capability of what our civil
rights are and what our free speech
rights are in the country. For those
reasons, it's very, very bad for
business. So yeah, I think a lot of
people are regretting it.
>> But that's also why I'm asking you that
given you're still a Republican, why are
you not more actively searching for the
Republican that you would like to
succeed Donald Trump? Because these are
the last two years of his presidency.
>> what? I think it's early. You know, we
have to get through the midterms. We
have to really look at the landscape of
who's going to be running. You know, is
Glenn Youngkin running? And will he have
the umbrella? You know, one of the
biggest things that you need, if if not
the most important thing that you need
to be the president of the United
States, is name recognition. And so you
just remember the type of electorate
that you're dealing with. You know, the
people that are listening to your show
or watching your show,
they're very sophisticated. They're very
up to speed in the world of American
politics. But the average voter
is really not. You know, they make that
decision in the week prior to the
presidential election.
>> And Donald Trump had that name
recognition because of television.
>> the most famous guy in 16.
But by 2024,
he was the most famous person on the
planet. I would I would stipulate that.
I mean, you may say there was a rock
star here or there that has more
followers on social media, but he was a
very well-recognized name. And so we
have to see you have to see who emerges.
Also, I think the war is going to hurt
the people that are close to Donald
Trump. You know, I think Rubio and I
I've said this on our podcast. I think
Rubio and Vance are going to be
victimized by Trump in ways they haven't
totally predicted yet. You know, he's
already started with Vance with the
attack on the Pope and uh uh you know,
hitting Vance cuz he knows Vance has got
a a book coming out on his
convergence or his conversion to
Catholicism.
>> want to build J.D. Vance up into the
next president and his successor.
>> This is not the
>> His personality is you guys were nothing
before I got on this stage and I've
carried you for the last 12 years and
the 2020 election was rigged and
everyone knows it and I should have won
that election as well and I've returned
to the presidency carrying all the
Republicans on my back. You were
nobodies before I got here. You'll be
nobodies after I leave. That's Donald
Trump's personality and and to not
understand that
is to not understand Donald Trump. And
let me give two quick examples.
Uh Cornyn.
He is 35 years in the Senate from the
state of Texas. 99% of the time he voted
with Donald Trump. 1% of the time he
didn't, Trump dusted him.
Uh
Crenshaw, House of Representatives, Army
vet lost his eye in combat. 99% of the
time he voted with Donald Trump. 1% of
the time he didn't, Trump endorsed the
other candidate. He lost the primary
uh to return to the House of
Representatives. You You have to
understand the nature of Donald Trump.
And and what what what's still going on
as we try to normalize him and sand wash
him and put him into a bucket, oh he's a
Republican, he'll want a Republican to
succeed him or he'll want J.D. Vance or
Marco Rubio. He He doesn't want those
guys to succeed him. Let's [snorts] say
he has a successful remaining 2 years of
his presidency which seems unlikely, but
let's say he did. He wouldn't want those
guys taking any credit for anything that
happened in the administration. It's a
It's an administration of one person and
there's one spotlight on
>> You met him years ago, didn't you? I
think is it way back even in the 90s in
New York?
>> Well, he he he would not have remembered
that. I I was a young man working at
Goldman Sachs. My boss took me to see
him. This was during some real struggles
for him during the casino restructuring
and some of the bankruptcies, and he was
looking for financing. And you know, I
looked up to him.
I'm not somebody that like whitewashes
or tries to recolor history. You know, I
read The Art of the Deal. I think I was
a law school student when it came out.
Trump was from Queens. I was from either
further out. And so we looked up to
Donald Trump. You know, the rappers
sang songs about Donald Trump. We
admired his bravado and his risk-taking
and his image making. And so at age 31
when I met him for the first time, it
was a very impressionable meeting from
for me. I'm sure he had no recollection
of the meeting, but years later I was
working at CNBC
as a one of those paid contributors.
And then I got invited to the Apprentice
parties, and I got invited to the
Apprentice finale. And we did a a couple
of fundraising events together including
Robin Hood. And then we started to
develop a relationship. And then very
famously in 2012,
I was co-finance chair for Mitt Romney
for New York. And so we did two
political fundraisers in Donald Trump's
triplex apartment for Governor Romney.
And and by the way, you know, Donald
Trump did a really good job raising
money
>> for Mitt Romney.
>> I don't I don't I don't It seems
extraordinary now to think of it.
>> I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't
I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't
I don't I don't I don't
But he did, and you have to give him
credit for this. He's phenomenal
political instincts. Mitt was in
trouble. He had lost in South Carolina
to Newt Gingrich. And he was now coming
into the Super Tuesday primaries. It was
big opportunity for Mitt. And Trump
offered to do what are called robo calls
for him in parts of rural and
blue-collar Michigan.
And we looked at that and said, "Well,
why the hell would we need that?" And
Trump said, "No, no, trust me, you need
it." And he made these robo calls. And
so, if you were home and phone rang, it
was, "Hey, I'm Donald Trump." It was on
a recorded message. I'm I want you to
vote for Mitt Romney. It had an
unbelievable impact on that primary.
And it was the first for me, it was the
first origin story of understanding the
populist movement that was happening in
the United States. And at that time,
we'll call him Mr. Trump because he
wasn't president yet. Mr. Trump's
understanding of it and his hold on it.
And so, that's when we actually became
close. That's when we
sort of develop a relationship and then
talk to each other or see each other at
restaurants and so forth.
>> So, that period between 2012 and 2017,
when he brought you into the White House
as his communications director,
>> Yeah.
>> by then you were a true believer,
wouldn't you? You were
team MAGA. You
I mean, or was that
a front at that
>> No, I think you have to I think I have
something I have to own for the rest of
my life. I'm a very honest person. I
wasn't team MAGA. I had worked for
Governor Walker from Wisconsin. When
Scott dropped out of the race, I went to
work for Jeb Bush.
And so, I'll just set the scene for you.
In March of 2015, Donald Trump called
me. I went to his office, had breakfast
with him. I always tease him about this.
His desk is up here. Michelle, your
chair is down there. So, you're you're
looking up at him. Okay, that's how he
had the the office set up. And I'm
looking up at him and he's saying, "You
know, I'm running for president. I just
finished my time with The Apprentice."
And I looked at him like he was crazy. I
said, "You're not running for president.
That's just like a publicity stunt." He
said, "Oh, no, you think that. Everybody
thinks that. That's why I'm so low in
the polls. But when I announce that I'm
running, I'm going to go right to the
top of the polls."
And I laughed and said, "Man, that's not
going to happen." And he said, "No, I I
I've Corey Lewandowski downstairs. He's
running my campaign. Why don't you go
meet with him?" And I said, "Listen, Mr.
Trump, I'm working for Jeb."
And he said, "Don't you think he has low
energy?"
And I said, "No, I actually I don't
think he has low energy."
And he says, "Okay, I'll tell you what.
I get the loyalty. You're a long-time
Republican. When Jeb comes out of the
race, will you come work for me?"
And right then and there, I I reached
over, I shook his hand, I said, "Yes, I
will come work for you." And
Jeb got knocked out of the race in South
Carolina.
Uh Mr. Trump uh called me. I had a
little presentation for him how I could
help him find those Romney donors.
And then we did our first event in
Albuquerque, New Mexico. And then that's
when I got the MAGA fever. Uh and so
what was MAGA fever for me? Donald Trump
was talking to my dad.
Uh my dad was born in 1935. He was born
in a coal mining town in northeastern
Pennsylvania. He wasn't college
educated. He went on to become a crane
operator on Long Island. Spent 41 years
in the union.
But he had a high-paying job. We had a
tiny little house on Long Island, and we
lived a good part of the American dream.
And I would never dishonor my dad by
telling you we grew up poor. We did not
grow up poor.
But what I mean by he was talking to my
dad, these were guys that, like my dad,
instead of being born in 1935, they were
born in
'65 or '75.
And I was talking to these people in
Albuquerque, New Mexico.
And they were letting me know that that
once economically aspirational
blue-collar family, the one I grew up
in, doesn't exist in America anymore.
These families went from economically
aspirational
to economically desperational.
And one young man said something to me
that I will never forget. He said, "You
think you're in New Mexico."
He said, "Yeah, but that's not New New
Mexico. That would be Mexico."
Cuz that's where our factory moved. My
dad worked there for 30 years. I was
there for 12. The factory moved and we
blighted
these towns. We blighted these cities.
And I thought and I would I got it
wrong, of course, but I thought, "Okay,
I'm going to work for Donald Trump.
He sees something about America that we
need to fix. We need to reconnect these
people
who are angry." And perhaps you have
those people that are leaning on people
like Nigel Farage here in this country,
but I said, "We're going to We're going
to reconnect those people." So, yes, I
bought in.
Uh I spent 71 days on the campaign trail
with him, did 71 stops. I did countless
hours of media advocacy for him and a
tremendous amount of fundraising. So
much so that when he won, he named me to
his executive transition team.
>> The thing that surprises me is that
because of your background, because of
seeing how hard your father worked in
the community around you, had you really
never thought along these lines before
you saw Donald Trump and voters respond
to him in that way?
>> So, I I So, this is this is this is this
is this is this is this is this is this
is this is this is this is this is a
very important point.
>> And this is something that again it
doesn't reflect well on me, but it's
important for me to share it with you.
That neighborhood that I was in in Port
Washington, there were sheetrock
installers and plumbers and crane
operators and landscapers. But I left
that neighborhood. I went to Tufts
University and Harvard Law School.
>> Street.
>> And 7 years at Goldman Sachs and then I
built my own hedge fund business and
then I got invited to the World Economic
Forum to speak and I created a whole
activity thing there and I started
hanging out in the salons of the
wealthy. My point is when you hang out
with a certain group of people,
you pick up the collective biases of
those people.
>> forget where you came from.
>> forget where you came from. And I'll
tell you another quick story, which is
also relevant to his instincts versus
mine. Here I'm on the plane, we're
flying somewhere else, and I'm reading
something that was prepared by
SkyBridge's economic team.
>> SkyBridge is your firm. Mhm.
>> What are you reading? Oh, I'm reading
about the Brexit.
He goes, "Oh, you're an idiot." I said,
"I'm an idiot. Yes, I know I'm an idiot,
but why am I an idiot?" He goes, "I I'll
tell you what's in that report. That
report is saying that it's economically
wrong and economically irrational for
the British citizens, UK citizens to
Brexit. Isn't that what it says?" I
said, "Yes, it is, and I have all the
backup data here." He goes, "Yeah,
that's ridiculous. They're going to
Brexit."
I said, "Why are [clears throat] you
saying that?"
He says, "Haven't you been traveling
around with me to all of these cities?
You don't think that they have those
cities and those towns in the UK?"
Okay? And that was
late May of 2016.
By the end of June, this country had
Brexited.
And he got that. I didn't get it. And
so, you know, let let me let me say it
to you this way.
There was a man that lived adjacent to
the Tiffany store on 5th Avenue
in a triplex apartment that looked like
Louis the 14th smoked crystal meth and
decorated the apartment. He saw the
problems in the neighborhood I grew up
in, and I missed it.
>> So,
I think then you would credit him with
these two things, perhaps. One is that
he showed you something that you
otherwise hadn't seen because of your
professional experience and your new
world.
>> Mhm.
>> And the second thing is you owe your
media and podcasting career to him after
those 10 days that you were in the White
House. Um and actually the way he fired
you.
>> Yeah. Well, yes. I mean, so I think it's
a little bit of a silver I guess, in
some ways, but
but, you know, the the truth of the
matter is that was the most brutal
experience of my life.
We can talk about it, and we can revise
it. It's 9 years later. I can say, "Oh,
that worked out great for me. I have
this nice podcast business, and you and
I are hanging out in this beautiful
studio, and talking on your wonderful
show. So, it worked out great for me."
But, let me set the scene for you and
your viewers and listeners.
I am fighting with him in the White
House, as predicted by my wife, that our
personalities would not gel in a
situation like that. Remember in the
campaign where I was a volunteer of his,
uh we were two New Yorkers and two
entrepreneurs taking risks in the
campaign. And it used to bother people
that I could have this sort of bilateral
direct conversation with him, because
there was a lot of sycophants around
him.
But, he wanted sycophants in the White
House. And so, there I was with him, and
on that Friday, he called me a deep
stater, and I was like, "Well,
I'm not a deep stater. I mean, I haven't
even I think I went to Washington one
time on a field trip. I'm definitely not
a deep stater." But, I didn't want to do
things the way he wanted to do them.
Okay, I had actually taken
constitutional law in law school, and I
had a
thought process about it being the
institution of the presidency, and
you're a caretaker of it. I'm not
necessarily working for you,
as much as I'm working for the American
people, and one of what I abide to the
Constitution. Well,
uh 11 days later, I got fired. And I
blame myself for the firing and all that
other stuff. I never blame anybody, him
or anybody else.
But, it's important to tell this part of
the story, because that was brutal.
My wife and I were fighting. She had
filed for divorce on me. I missed the
birth of my son, Michelle.
He was born on July 24th, 2017. I was at
the Boy Scouts event with Donald Trump
in
West Virginia.
>> You couldn't leave the event for the
birth of your child?
>> was
>> no way out of the event. She went into
premature labor
and he landed the plane, we drove 35
miles away from the plane into a
campground
and even if I got back to the plane,
there was a 60-mile no-fly zone.
There was there was there was just no
way back. Okay, so I had a series of
colossal
disasters happen to me sequentially. I
can feel the perspiration as I'm
speaking about it, but I
was in a potential divorce missed the
birth of my son got fired from the White
House after 11 days and I got torched by
everybody. I mean, I had a crisis PR
person that told me to buy a villa in uh
I mean, God bless the guy. He told me,
"Look, go buy a villa in Tuscany and
come back to the United States in 2022.
You're you're never going to be able to
rebuild your career or your media
reputation and you know, you probably
should go dark for 5 years." But you
know, you in life when you make mistakes
and you're an entrepreneur and you take
risks like that, you got to face the
music. And I did that. So yes, I do have
a podcast business and I do have things
like that, but I paid the price
for those things.
>> Yeah, it was very public and and I can
see that there was a really humiliating
aspect to it.
>> I am so glad that you brought up the
word humiliating because I thought you
were going to be a little bit too
British and not bring up that word.
But it was humiliating. I like the way
you say it better. You have a nicer
accent than me. But it was humiliating.
>> But wasn't it Donald Trump who also once
told you there's essentially no that bad
publicity is still publicity and that
negative press stories still have their
value because you have Look, you've got
your own business now
>> done your home You've done your
homework.
He did say he has said that he's
repeatedly said it.
>> does it help you be the front man and
get attraction for your for your firm
and
>> I think it hurts.
>> more in the your your name is really
well known.
>> I think it hurts and helps. My
34-year-old son uh who went to Stanford
Business School says to me, "Dad, you
really you're you're killing me. You're
you're killing my networking
opportunities." I said, "Why?" He goes,
"Well, the Republicans hate you because
you were once with Trump and you left
Trump." He goes, "The Democrats, forget
it. They hate you because you were once
with Trump." He goes, "You've you've got
me in like uh networking purgatory." So,
so it helps and it hurts. It's a little
bit of both. You're going to get some
people and you're going to lose some
people, and that's life. I don't I I I'm
not worried about that aspect of it.
>> Is the other really hard moment that
you've had
which is possibly comparable
over your association with Sam
Bankman-Fried, who's now been sentenced
over his defrauding of investors and and
customers
in his um cryptocurrency business
because he you you believed in him. You
were business partners, you were close
to him,
>> I liked him, yeah.
>> and then there was a massive fallout on
you and your firm from his downfall.
>> Yeah, I mean and you know, there were
some nasty articles written on
Bloomberg, frankly. And by the way, I'm
a free speech absolutist, and so those
reporters had the right to write those
articles, and then they're allowed to
write whatever they want to write, you
know, I'm a
If I If you're a public figure, you have
to be a big person, and you have to
accept the crit criticism and the
potential praise of what's going on.
But, you know, the one the one problem
when you're a high-profile person,
however, your your failures go around
the world in 5 seconds, okay, before you
can tie your shoelaces, okay? Your
successes are generally understated, and
that's fine, but those are two to me
colossal fail- failures in my career,
you know, mis- mis-sizing, not
understanding Trump appropriately.
I I've well explained that and I'm happy
to continue to explain it. Sam
Bankman-Fried is a different story. Sam
was uh
Sam had 25 investors
that had given him approximately 1
billion US dollars to fund FTX and these
were sovereign I'm not going to name
them because they always get mad at me
when I actually name the names, but
these were sovereign wealth funds,
venture capitalists, billionaire
investors, billionaire family offices.
Uh and I had a rapport with Sam and I
had a rapport with Sam's mom and dad who
were Stanford Law School professors who
knew some of the faculty at Harvard Law
School that taught me.
And so I felt I had a keiretsu or a
connection into the family.
And while Sam was somewhat odd, I
thought he was brilliant.
And I'm going to say something that
makes me look bad. I thought he was
ethical. A little odd, but ethical. And
I thought his father
who was a tax attorney and his mother
who taught ethics at Stanford Law
School, I made false assumptions.
And so but remember, he gave me the
money.
I didn't I didn't give him the money.
>> He bought a stake in your firm.
>> did. He came to our conference. He liked
our business. He liked our crypto
exposure. He liked
>> talked about him as the next JP Morgan
or the JP Morgan of the old days.
>> that to Bloomberg. I I thought I thought
because he was bailing out at the time.
If you remember what happened in the
crisis of 1907, John Pierpont Morgan,
before the establishment of the Federal
Reserve, stepped in and cleared a lot of
credit that was potentially defaulting
in the panic of 1907. And so we were
having that sort of crisis in 2022
and Sam had positioned himself that way.
So yes, I did say that. You know, the
the great irony now in Sam's investment
portfolio,
uh he he filed for bankruptcy. It was a
$17 billion company when the company
collapsed. His investment portfolio His
balance sheet today is worth $114
billion, meaning if they had just kept
the balance sheet together. But, the
reason why he didn't get a retrial is
that he broke the law. He moved customer
accounts from one
place into another place, his own
account, which was wholly and totally
inappropriate. But, again, imagine the
situation for me.
I'm making an announcement that Sam's
buying a piece of my business in
September.
And I'm talking about the strategic
collaboration.
Eight weeks later, I've got to go down
to the Bahamas and visit with him and
his father and realize that he's
committed fraud.
And I've got to go face the music again.
So, I have to go back on television
and say, "Yeah, I think this guy
he's entitled to a trial and he's
innocent until proven guilty in the
court of law.
But, I think he's done some really bad
things here. I think he's a bad actor.
That's a That's a painful thing to do."
>> The thing that surprises me is that
after the shock of that moment, and it's
a business shock and it's a personal
shock because you thought you knew the
man, you still today have a high
percentage of your personal wealth and
your business wrapped up in digital
assets, including particularly Bitcoin.
And there has been this significant
tumble from
the tail end of last year to February in
the value of that. So,
do you not think that you are too Well,
I mean, I'm not an expert, but I find it
interesting that you are
I don't. Well, this is Are you written a
whole book on it? But, you obviously own
a lot of Bitcoin. And I
Is there any point where you thought too
much of my personal wealth is is tied up
in this?
>> You'll have to invite me back in 5 years
or have to make a determination if I'm
right or wrong. But, I made a decision
in in October, November of 2020 that we
were going to flip a portion of our
assets into digital assets. A big piece
of it was going to be in Bitcoin. We
were buying those coins at 15, 16,
17,000.
They went to 69,000 by November of 2000
and 21. We look like geniuses and then
they collapse with the FTX crisis and
went back to 15,000.
So, depending on the point that you're
in, you either look like a genius or a
dummy. But, I mean, I bought these coins
at 16,000. They're trading at about
$78,000 today. And you could say to me,
"Well, you know, they were once trading
at 126, so you're you're a dummy once
again." But again, I don't want to judge
it that way. I want to judge it over a
five or 10-year period of time. I think
this is a transformative technology. So,
yeah, I own it and Sam didn't dissuade
me even though he caused, alongside of a
huge
deleveraging in the market, he caused a
crash in Bitcoin.
But, Bitcoin rallied back. I think the
United States will get the legislation
and the regulation right. And I think
Bitcoin will be part of our long-term
uh asset allocation structure in the
United States.
>> not a risk, it's the future. And it's
and it's a future that you're invested
in.
>> I think it's the future. I think you
have to I think you have to take the
time to understand it. People that are
my age, I'm 62. If you're my age or
older, you either don't have the
patience for it or you think it's a
cryptograph that's absolutely worthless.
I was on the Bill Maher show with my old
boss, Lloyd Blankfein, who'd be a great
guest on your show, by the way. And he
had just written a new book and Bill
Maher and Lloyd Blankfein, combined age
of like 160,
hate Bitcoin. And they're sitting there
laying into me over Bitcoin. And I said
the same thing to them that I'll say to
you,
do the homework.
When you're done doing the homework,
let's then have the real conversation.
So,
uh you know who's doing the homework?
The 30-year-olds,
the 40-year-olds. And you know where
they're going to be in 10 years? They're
going to be in positions of power in the
asset management business.
And so,
let's see if I'm right.
>> Can Can I take you right back to the way
you grew up though? Cuz I was really
struck reading your book, not the
Bitcoin book, the From Wall Street to
the White House and Back, where you
write about
coming home in 1974 and hearing your
parents argue about money and then
starting a paper round. You're only 10
years
>> Well, it was lovely.
>> 10 11 years old, yeah.
>> years old, yeah.
>> And
>> Mhm.
>> And essentially how hard you worked, how
you persuaded houses that they could do
with an extra paper a week, not just the
one paper a week they were getting.
>> It was an easy route because these were
all like blue-collar row houses and
>> Near your own?
>> blue-collar apartments, yeah.
>> Um
>> Yeah. It was It was It was easy to go up
and down the steps and knock on the
doors and guilt all of these women.
>> But But tell me what was driving you at
that time? Was it a vulnerability seeing
your parents vulnerable or was it a real
desire to lead a different life from
your parents?
>> Well, I think it was both. I started my
paper route in February of 1975. I had
it until the end of 1977
and I created in that area one of the
larger residential paper routes because
what I did was I went to my boss, Mr.
Fusco, who's passed, unfortunately. He
was an awesome guy. I said, "I need 30
free papers every Wednesday." And he's
like, "What do you need them for?" I
said, "I'm going to go up and down these
apartments. I'm going to ring doorbells
and I'm going to ask, you know, the Mrs.
Sheridans and the Mrs. McGillicuddys and
the Mrs. Ampolis uh to subscribe to
Newsday."
And uh and so, I used to drop off a free
paper and the next day I'd ring the
doorbell. I said, "Did you enjoy the
paper?" And I had everybody's name and I
had like a checkmark of who I collected
from. I used to collect on Fridays.
And Mrs. Sheridan from Sheridan Electric
was the best tipper.
And I will always remember her fondly.
It was a $1.40
okay, to have a daily on Sunday in 1976.
And when I used to ring the doorbell on
a Friday, she would give me a $5 bill.
And I was the happiest happiest camper.
And was another reason why I always try
to tip everybody really well when I'm in
a restaurant or
>> Cuz you remember what it's like to be
>> Of course. And
>> where it makes all the difference.
>> And I gave the money to my mother. You
know, I mean it was probably
making 50, 60 dollars a week. Kept 15
for myself.
Gave it to my mom and dad.
>> There's it another part of your book
which was um
really sad to read which is the you
know, you're widely known as the Mooch.
But tell me about how you first got that
nickname. Who first called you that?
>> is that sad to read?
>> It's sad to read because there's racism
in it. That you you write in the book
that it's your
one of your teachers in school
>> Yeah.
>> who doesn't like the ethnic sounding
names. He doesn't like the Italians. He
doesn't like the Irish.
>> He didn't like the He didn't like the
Polish either. I mean, he he decided
that if you had a four-syllable last
name, that was like a little bit too
long for him. And so he took one of the
syllables of your name. And that's what
he calls you by.
And
but you know, listen, I That's life.
>> But you didn't like it at the time, did
you? You
You
>> At the time I didn't know what I was
doing.
>> own it and use it and credit to you for
doing that.
>> I was nine years old. So it wasn't like
that I liked it or that I disliked it.
It was a different era of life. I just
bring up the point that like when people
were like when I came on the stage at
the White House press room and I gave
the press conference, oh, he's the
Mooch. And they were saying it
derisively. I'm like, dude, I've been
called the Mooch since 1972.
I It's It's not bothering me. You got to
find something else to bother me cuz
that one is not going to bother me. So
But but he gave me that name. He But he
There were worse names than that one.
Trust me that he was giving out to
people.
But here's the thing, I mean, you can't
be a baby
and you can't play a victim in life.
Okay, you're going to go work for Donald
Trump, you're going to go work in
presidential politics, and you get blown
out like that, you can't be a baby. It's
like me being an American football
player and playing in the NFL and saying
that okay, I'm upset now that I got a
concussion. Well, guess what? Everybody
gets a concussion.
So, I mean, that was life in the 1970s
on Long Island. I'm not you know,
complaining about it. I'm just
explaining what happened.
>> And the kinds of people who you grew up
with, communities which are still like
that today,
into which MAGA very successfully
reached. What do you think is going to
happen in the next election? Cuz we've
already talked about the midterms, but
let's look at the next election. Do you
think the Democrats can win them back?
>> They don't have the right leadership
right now to win them back. I mean, the
best thing that the Republicans have
going for them are the Democrats.
>> You don't see a single potential
credible nominee?
>> the reaction formation to that story in
my book is to make sure that there's a
female candidate to be president or to
make sure or Vice President Harris, who
I voted for and I helped her on her
campaign debate prep, she writes in her
book 107 days she didn't pick Pete
Buttigieg
because he was gay. She wrote it. We got
to stop doing all of that. In other
words, we we have to stop overcorrecting
for the racism.
And we then we have to stop over like uh
doing the identity, gender, sexual
orientation.
>> Is that your
>> best best athletes, best communicators,
policy makers who can build a consensus,
who can delegate. You know, there's
5,000 people in the executive branch.
We've got our decision-making down to a
decision-maker of one now. Uh there's
one person at the State Department,
that's Donald Trump. There's one person
at the White House, Donald Trump.
There's one person at the Pentagon,
Donald Trump. So, we we have to
get back on the playing field with
something way more American and way more
pluralistic.
And the way to do that is put the best
athletes in the game
and stop trying to overcorrect
and try to whitewash what happened in
the past, you know? I mean, the statues
are the statues. Leave them alone.
That's part of our history. Let's go
forward with the right with the right
ideas for the vision. But I I'm
optimistic.
>> would say that that's exactly what
they're going to do. And
>> But they haven't done that. They haven't
done that.
>> Well, I guess maybe they say it's early,
like you say for the Republicans.
>> This is a circle and this is They're in
a circular firing squad. They treat
Newsom like he's further to the right
than Orbán.
If you're in If you're in AOC or Zohran
Mamdani's camp, you know, Newsom is
Victor Orbán. You got to really look at
it for what it is. Cut it out, guys.
Focus on the principle. Stop attacking
each other and line up. You know what
the Republicans do a way better job of
than the Democrats?
They line up, Michelle.
Okay, Ted Cruz wanted to strangle Donald
Trump. He lined up with him.
Okay, and they all line up together. You
got to learn to do that in politics.
That's what
>> think you don't really like that about
all of those who've lined up under
Donald Trump.
>> I don't like it because they're hurting
the country. I don't like it because
they're subverting the Constitution. If
you told me that Donald Trump was a
transformational, healing,
regenerative leader who was seeking an
American renewal, and that was going to
help reform America and make it better,
then of course I like it. You got to
give up something at the table for the
other side. That was the nature and the
existence of what the founders wanted.
It wasn't, "Let me beat you into
submission and let me own you culturally
in the culture war." That wasn't the
goal of the whole thing.
>> But I think you're saying I'm
optimistic, by the way.
>> on the Democrats finding someone who can
challenge the next
>> know I don't know who it's going to be,
but I I will predict on your show
that you will see a very surprising
American renewal.
Because it's a very very young country.
It doesn't have an anchored culture.
It's an experiment uh multiethnic
uh experiment. And what happens in the
country is when we lose our generational
memory once every 80 years, we get hit
very hard.
>> But the renewal on the left or the
right?
>> I'm not sure yet. We'll have to see. Me
me It could be a Republican. You know,
you could invite me back. I'll say,
"Hey, there's a young Republican that is
helping people understand where the
country has to go." Or there's a young
Democrat. You know, Buttigieg as an
example to me is a very formidable,
incredibly talented politician. He's
also served in the American military.
He's a articulate man. He understands
policy. Okay, but he is gay.
Okay, and he can't get the
African-American community at this
moment to vote for him. But maybe they
will. Maybe there'll be a
transformation, but he's somebody that I
would look at and say, "Okay, that guy
has the right Tim Berni has the right
ingredients to be a really good
president." So, but I'm telling you that
we go through it. 80 years after the
Revolutionary War, we had the Civil War.
80 years after that, we had the Great
Depression.
And that led to the Second World War.
We're now 80 years out from that war,
and this country is getting dunked cuz
we've lost our generational memory about
the institutions and the processes that
matter. And so now we need a leader come
in and explain that to the people and
say, "We have to return to the process."
Okay, and Trump is helping us do that,
by the way, because he's so out there
doing the opposite that people
instinctively know that this is not
right. This is why these elections are
not going his way. This is why the
approval ratings are way down. He's got
a 34, 35% approval rating. Uh he's
helping us. Trump is forcing You know
how Trump made me famous and allowed me
to have a podcast? He's actually forcing
the American people to have a moral and
cultural reckoning with itself. And
every time we've done that, we've sought
redemption and renewal, and I predict
that that will happen.
>> Or the next American president, whoever
they are, might well
use executive power
to some extent
to the degree that Donald Trump has used
it, because that's been normalized. And
>> No question. And And by the way, they
will go after their political
adversaries. You know, he's created a
playbook
where the next American president could
use that very same playbook the way he's
used it.
>> why I'm not sure that the next American
president will be a reaction to this
>> Now, we're in a pendulum. Now, we're in
a pendulum, but I
have faith in the country. Okay? My
grandparents had an unconditional love
of this country. I'm from a family of
coal miners and peasant farmers and day
workers, but I'm sitting here with
Bloomberg talking to you. Okay, that is
the
That is the dream and that is the
promise of America. And so, and by the
way, I'm too short to see the glass
anything other than half full. But I
look at the glass, it looks full to me.
Okay? So, I'm going to make the bet
that we're going to figure it out. The
American people can smell a rotting
cadaver in their basement. There's rot
going on right now.
They don't like the situation. They
voted
Look at what's going on. They voted
Biden out, they put the Republican back
in. They're going from Republican to
Democrat to Republican
because they want to throw all the bums
out.
They're They're upset with everybody.
They're the both parties have negative
approval ratings. So, imagine if we
could get somebody in there that can
communicate to the people and say,
"Okay, listen, we got to go back to the
processes, okay?" What Cicero said
2,600 years ago, we're slaves to the law
in order to be free. Look at what
happened to Viktor Orbán. He rigged the
elections, he gamed the system, he gamed
the banks, and he still lost because the
people can smell a rotting cadaver.
Okay? And we've got to find leadership
in this country that can explain that to
the people, and I think we have people
in the country that that would respond
to that.
>> Do you keep reading the classics? Is
that your choice of reading these days?
>> everything. Despite this Italian
exoskeleton from Long Island, I'm
actually just like a bookworm.
>> What are you reading right now?
>> Uh well, I I believe it or not, over on
the plane over here, I reread the
autobiography of Ben Franklin
because H.W. Brands has a book out
called American Patriarch. Uh this is a
very famous uh historian from SMU.
He's writing about George Washington's
life this time. He's written about
Franklin and Teddy Roosevelt and uh
uh FDR, etc. Some uh Ronald Reagan. But
this book, I think, is very well timed
because we're heading into the 250th
anniversary of the country, and
Washington is still seen by many
Americans as cast in marble.
And I think this book is definitional of
Washington in terms of what Washington
actually wanted for the country. There's
a lot of messages in there that could
resonate for today. But one of the more
unique things about Washington was the
relationship with Franklin. Cuz
ultimately, he needed Franklin to go to
France and sort of codify that treaty
and get the help of Lafayette. And so,
uh what am I reading right now? I just
finished American Patriarch by H.W.
Brands, and I'm rereading Ben Franklin's
autobiography.
uh because uh I find that Franklin is
really the first mover in the
self-improvement market in the United
States. He is the original Horatio
Alger.
>> Does history help with the present? Like
do you see things that you can use or is
it an escape from the present?
>> It's a guide. I think you have to
understand that history makes you a
better investor
and it makes you a better thinker about
the world.
>> Anthony Scaramucci, thank you.
>> a pleasure to be with you and
congratulations on your show.
>> [music]